Developer checklist of Jupiter (#122)
racker/jupiter: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Description
-**[Remove this line]** _Provide a short description._

### What are the relevant story cards/tickets? Any additional PRs or other references?
Jira: [Add Jira Ticket Here](https://jira.rax.io/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3614)

> ### PR Checklist before asking for +2 from Peers.

Reviewer: - [ ] Have you deployed to staging?

Reviewer: - [ ] Have you validated the new / modified functionality in staging?

# Description
-**[Remove this line]** _Provide a short description._

### What are the relevant story cards/tickets? Any additional PRs or other references?
Jira: [Add Jira Ticket Here](https://jira.rax.io/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3614)

### PR Checklist before asking for +2 from peers.
- [ ] Did you add component tests for any new code?
- [ ] Have you deployed to staging?
- [ ] Have you validated the new / modified functionality in staging?

> - [ ] No console errors where detected during validation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Were any console errors detected during validation?
```

Author: Hmm, so far all the checkbox if the other items are checked is mostly a good thing, one did their diligence, and they indicate one can proceed. In this case if the checkbox is checked if a negative thing. 

What about this? I will move it up higher in the list so it is done before one gets to staging. Main reason for this one is to discourage merging of code with console errors in it, as they can add up if folks are not looking out for them.

- [x]  Did you check for console errors in browser?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ]  Where you able to signup successfully with no console errors?
```

- [ ] Did you run the automated [Web-o-mates overnight tests](https://cq-portal.webomates.com/#/dashboard?product=95) on staging by clicking on the center circle in the CQ portal?
- [ ] Did you attach screen shots of results in this PR?
- [ ] Does this PR require more complete testing, such as an full regression before it is deployed?

> - [ ] Did you include a screenshots before and after demoing any changed UI functionality?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Did you include screenshots from before and after which demo any changed UI functionality?
```

# Description
-**[Remove this line]** _Provide a short description._

### What are the relevant story cards/tickets? Any additional PRs or other references?
Jira: [Add Jira Ticket Here](https://jira.rax.io/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3614)

### PR Checklist before asking for +2 from peers.
- [ ] Did you include screenshots from before and after which demo any changed UI functionality?
- [ ] Did you add component tests for any new code?

> - [ ] Did you check for console errors in browser? 

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Did you check for console errors in browser? 
```
```suggestion
```

> - [ ] Did you check for console errors in browser? 

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Did you add component tests for any new code?
```

> - [ ] Have you deployed to staging?
> - [ ] Have you validated the new / modified functionality in staging?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Have you validated the new / modified functionality in staging?
```

> - [ ] Have you deployed to staging?
> - [ ] Have you validated the new / modified functionality in staging?
> - [ ] Where you able to signup successfully with no console errors?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Where you able to signup successfully with no console errors?
- [ ] Have you deployed to and validated your changes in staging?
```

- [ ] No console errors where detected during validation?

> - [ ] Did you run the automated [Web-o-mates overnight tests](https://cq-portal.webomates.com/#/dashboard?product=95) on staging by clicking on the center circle in the CQ portal?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Where you able to signup successfully?
- [ ] Did you run the automated [Web-o-mates overnight tests](https://cq-portal.webomates.com/#/dashboard?product=95) on staging by clicking on the center circle in the CQ portal?
```

- [ ] Did you attach screen shots of results in this PR?

> - [ ] Does this PR require more complete testing, such as an full regression before it is deployed?

Reviewer 2: should we add one more point in order to be extra cautious while merging into master, as it will deploy directly to prod?

Author: sure, what do you think of this?
```suggestion
- [ ] Does this PR require more complete testing, such as a full regression before it is deployed?
- [ ] I feel highly confident this code will deploy to production without issues or bugs upon merging into master. (If you still have concerns or open issues, please note them here. If risk factors can not be mitigated a change request may need to be opened for this PR before it merges.)
```

Reviewer 2: yeah looks perfect!

# Description
**[Remove this line]** _Provide a short description._

### What are the relevant story cards/tickets? Any additional PRs or other references?
Jira: [Add Jira Ticket Here](https://jira.rax.io/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3614)

### PR Checklist before asking for +2 from peers.
- [ ] Did you include screenshots for changed UI functionality?
- [ ] Did you add component tests for any new code?
- [ ] Where you able to signup successfully with no console errors?

> - [ ] Have you deployed to and validated your changes in staging?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Have you deployed and validated your changes in staging?
```
